BD-1979: Update time saving details (#5026)
braze-inc/braze-docs: _docs/_user_guide/data_and_analytics/custom_data/custom_attributes/nested_custom_attribute_support.md

}
```

> Note that for nested custom attributes, if the year is less than 0 or greater than 3000, Braze does not these values on the user.

Reviewer: "does not these values on the user.", add?

> Note that for nested custom attributes, if the year is less than 0 or greater than 3000, Braze does not these values on the user.

Author: ```suggestion
Note that for nested custom attributes, if the year is less than 0 or greater than 3000, Braze does not add these values to the user.
```
